This document is a detailed breakdown of the two-week production update for Breakout: Afterlife.
	For now, let’s call it the RGB Update!

	Disclaimer: SEE NOTE *0*

	And without further ado, allow me introduce you to the RGB update...





-- OVERVIEW --
----------------

Day 0 - PROJECT LAYOUT
Day 1 - MAPPING
Day 2-6 - NEW FEATURES
Day 7 - ADVERTISEMENT
Day 7-8 - REST
Day 9-11 - COMPLETION
Day 12 - PLAYTESTING
Day 12-14 - POLISH
Day 15 - ✨RELEASE✨





-- RGB Update --
----------------


PROJECT LAYOUT (Day 0) -
	BOOM! Already done as per this push.
	I’m adding this here just to take this day into account for future updates.
	I’m sure there will be a lot of copy and paste from this doc for future projects
		but it’s still good to remember later on that this is a relevant step to consider. 😂

MAPPING stage (Day 1) -
	We will dedicate this day to having open conversation of our ideas.
	We will take the time to look over this document once more to make any needed changes.
	We can have 1-2 conversations throughout the day to chat about potential features that
		we might want to add in this update. *2*
	And lastly, we will create a VISION STATEMENT for the RGB Update that consists of the new features that
		we intend to add in the next build.

NEW FEATURES stage (Day 2-6) -
	The first week will be spent mapping out, developing, testing, and adding new features.
		This including any graphics, animations , SFX, and music needed to accompany the new features.
	Put all the NEW things here.
	Don’t worry about perfecting them in this stage - just map out any potential new features desired and
		add them in here in a mostly working state. A couple of bugs here won’t bite. ☺️

ADVERTISEMENT stage (Day 7) -
	Upon completion of the first week of the jam,
		Cameron and Alex will each reach out to 2-3 of their “green grass” people to let them know about
		the release date in a week.
	Cameron will also schedule 2-3 play testers for the following week at this time (see PLAYTESTING stage).
	At this time Cameron will also release a developer’s post on the B:A game page
		to inform any traffic/followers of the incoming update. *1* 

REST stage (Day 7-8) -
	We will use this as an opportunity to take a day or two break from production to prepare
		for our final week before the update release. (Rest is productive!!!)

COMPLETION stage (Day 9-11) -
	Returning to production, the next few days will be spent bringing any new features to completion.
	This means taking the time to get any features that were added in the first stage working
		relatively bug-free and bringing the whole game’s update to a certain point of completion.
	During this stage, we will be as realistic as we can with ourselves about what we can feasibly finish.
	Any features we created in NEW FEATURES that we decide won’t be finished in time can be unplugged
		and any relevant information/assets/code will be placed into a dedicated FUTURE UPDATES folder
		in the INFO directory.
	We can always come back to them, don’t worry!
	We will not be adding any new features in at this stage.

PLAYTESTING stage (Day 12) -
	This day will be spent largely testing out the finished game for ourselves,
		introducing the update to a few new faces, and collectively taking notes on our findings.
	Let’s map out our POLISH stage using the info we gather from this stage.

POLISH stage (Day 13-14) -
	Using our production map from PLAYTESTING, we will do any finishing touches, crossing T’s & dotting I’s,
		and squashing any little bugs that might have made it this far.
	Cameron will also begin putting any necessary updates together in preparation
		for the Itch page update coming up. 

✨RELEASE✨ (Day 15) -
	The morning/afternoon following our final day of production,
		the new build will be uploaded onto the itch page.
	This will be a perfect time to send follow-up texts to the people we chatted with in the ADVERTISEMENT stage
		to let them know the update is out!!!
	The game will be posted with the opportunity of donations, set at a recommended $2.
	Any proceeds will be split 50/50 between Cameron and Alex. (Let’s get those custom PC orders filled lmao)





-- NOTES --
-----------

*0* DISCLAIMER:
	As with any documents in BA’s initial release, any and all of this information is subject to change.
		Please change, modify, or update any information that you feel would make sense another way.
		I’m always open to ideas that are better than what’s written down so far.

	I hoped to set this model up in a way that it works well with wiggle room/handling life situations,
	and allowing mental health to take priority.
	I am of the belief that in the average week, doing activities (just like this one!)...
		that you make a conscious decision to treat them meaningful to your life,
		will add to a greater sense of enrichment and fulfillment in those days overall,
		but there are always going to be those days/weeks/seasons in life that you just can’t be
		having projects in mind all the time.
	We need to have systems in place for those times!
	And with that said:

	Had a really shitty day today on DAY 5 and need a breather before jumping back into production?
	Well it turns out that -tomorrow- is actually DAY 5 after all, and -today- is DAY 4.5,
		which is part of the REST phase. 😂
		So just chill out, do something to relax and take your mind off the day,
		and we can pick up tomorrow or the next day that you feel up to it.
			(“You” being either one or both of us)

	Feeling like you wish you had just one more day to add in that new feature you’ve been so excited about
		finishing the past few days?
	Well you’re in luck, because it just so happens that the NEW FEATURES stage just gained an extra day
		in your honor!

	Indexing these days rather than setting dates will hopefully remove any scary feelings of rigidity
		(see: all the trauma experienced in the last 2 hours of the game jam lmao)
	Having them numbered allows us to feel as though they aren’t just abstract points in time
		where "things" happen. lol
	That would be a MONUMENTAL no-no when it comes to procrastination.
	If something can happen any time, and doesn’t really NEED to end ever, then why the hell would we
		feel like we want to do anything meaningful on the project TODAY?
	“We have all the time in the world…” 🤓
	I believe that indexing the days combats this potential subconscious message,
		and will allow more potential for productivity.



*1* I’m thinking of having a medium-length convo sometime near the beginning of the day, preferably over VC,
		to chat about ideas very broadly and generally.
	
	Throughout the day we can each steep in those ideas and allow ourselves
			to continue conceptualizing them and determining their feasibility.

	In the later half of the day, we can have a conversation to touch base once more and decide
		what we want to put in our new update.



*2*  "Green grass" is a sales term that refers to the people that you know well personally,
		and who tend to be the most open to hearing about what you are creating/advertising.

	Reaching out to these people will provide us with a small feeling of external motivation
		to have the project fulfilled by the soft deadline.
	When we talk to these people about our planned update, we will do so in a way that points to a range
		of time in the near future, not a set date.
		(Example: "Hey there friend, you know that game I told you we released not too long ago?
			We are in the process of putting it together now, and plan to have it released early next week!
			Would you be interested in me sending you a link to try it out once we do?")
		This is obviously written in my own words, but encapsulates the general message we might be looking
			to send out to our "green grass" peeps.
	Just a little bit of pressure can add a healthy amount of motivation to push us through the last half
		of our production plan. 😂

