Breakout: Afterlife

-- Classic --
-------------

The player opens the game to find the game title BREAKOUT. ("Afterlife" will be added after classic ends)
Pressing start opens a small game menu to see start, options, condensed credits, and quit.
	but it's missing shop and inventory buttons until Afterlife portion.
Starts out as a simple 2d breakout game.
The player plays through no more than 3-5 minutes worth of simple gameplay to beat 3 levels.
There are no powerups, and no special or bonus bricks.
There will be no music, but the normal SFX will happen.	see NOTE *1*
Just a simple breakout game where the brick pattern changes each level.
Upon completion, the player is brought to the credits screen, where a condensed version of the credits will roll up
	from the bottom of the screen.
In no more than 8 seconds worth of credits roll, a bold "THE END" will scroll until it finds itself centered
	on the screen.
In about 2 more seconds of wait, the player will be prompted to press the ACTION button,
	which will bring them to the new title of BREAKOUT: AFTERLIFE


-- Afterlife --
---------------

The player passes the new title to return to the game menu again, this time with shop and inventory buttons.
Immediately a rewards window will overlay the menu to reward the player for beating the classic game.
	They will get coins and a new paddle and ball.
The player will then enter the main game, and play through level by level as the difficulty increases.
Every level beat earns the player a small amount of PERMA tokens, which can be spent on permanent upgrades
	in the SHOP, then equipped in the INVENTORY. This amount is determined by the Standard Loot Table.
All bricks loaded in will have a percentage chance of rendering in as a Special or a Bonus brick, 
	as per the Brick Luck Table.
Special bricks drop a temporary boost to help the player on their current level as per the Specials Table,
	Bonus bricks drop tokens and sometimes permanent upgrades.
The bricks now load in with a set number of HP, and when that number reaches 0 or less, the brick breaks.
Instead of hearts, the player has a shield on the bottom of the screen with 3 HP. The shield drops at 0 HP,
	and the next hit to the bottom of the screen causes a game over.
The ball now has a set amount of POWER, starting with 1, which will remove an equal amount
	of brick or shield HP on impact.
Every 3 levels beat, the player encounters a boss battle, consisting of a simple ai paddle, shield, and ball
	on the opposite side of the screen. The player wins the battle when they have taken out the boss's
	shield and dealt the final blow. Every successful boss win earns the player
	a decent amount of PERMA tokens, and a permanent upgrade, as per the Boss Loot Table.
The player plays the game until they beat all 3 bosses, which will trigger the roll of the full credits.


-- NOTES --
-----------

*1* even simpler SFX here if Cam has time